Implement Metadata/Information display for files (and preview) (#184)
fluxxcode/egui-file-dialog: examples/select_file_with_information_view/README.md

> Example showing how to select a file using the file dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example showing how to select a file and display file information using the `InformationView`.
```
